chore: updated a11y texts for oval fitting, updated error text to men… (#4884)
aws-amplify/amplify-ui: .changeset/pink-tools-jog.md

---
"@aws-amplify/ui-react-liveness": patch
---

> chore: updated a11y texts for oval fitting, updated error text to men…

Reviewer: ```suggestion
chore: updated a11y texts for oval fitting, updated error text to mention camera's center
```
